Added attention to online parameter changes (#4607)
pingcap/docs: dynamic-config.md

- Modify the configuration of all TiKV instances:

> **Note:**
>

> > It is recommended to wrap variable names in quotation marks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It is recommended to wrap variable names in backticks.
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql

> set `tidb_slow_log_threshold` = 200;

Reviewer 2: This is valid syntax, but for consistency when setting a sysvar the docs currently don't escape the values. It is a slightly different case than `set config`, in that sysvars won't use any special characters that need escaping.

Reviewer: @rleungx PTAL

Reviewer 3: > in that sysvars won't use any special characters that need escaping

agree with @morgo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set tidb_slow_log_threshold = 200;
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/6114
